
A Message from the TAIC PART 2008 Chairs 

Welcome to TAIC PART 2008. TAIC PART is a unique event that strives to
combine aspects of a conference, a workshop and a retreat. Its purpose
is to bring together industrialists and academics in an environment
that promotes fundamental collaboration on problems in software
testing. Among the wide range of topics in computer science and
software engineering, software testing is an ideal candidate for
academic and industrial collaboration because advances in research can
have such wide ranging and far reaching implications for
industry. Conversely, the advances in computing and communications
technology and the growth of the associated software engineering
activity are producing new research challenges at an increasing rate.

The problems that arise in software testing are related to the
problems that arise in many other areas of computing.  As such,
testing research combines a wide range of elements encompassing the
theoretical work of program analysis and formal methods and the
associated representations such as finite state machines and
dependence graphs. The inherent complexity of software testing has led
to the involvement of heuristic methods.  Software testing is also a
human activity and has thus seen the involvement of psychology,
sociology and even philosophy. This astonishing breadth and depth have
made the problems of software testing appealing to academics for
several decades.

Industrial activities are, of course, the fundamental source of the
software testing problems to which research is directed. Software now
controls safety critical systems from chemical plants and national
nuclear defence systems, through sophisticated fly-by-wire commercial
aircraft, to the airbag and brake controllers in our motor cars.
These problems have a strong technical aspect but they also have
economic and social aspects.  This explains the variety of disciplines
that have contributed to software testing research.  Industrialists
are not only the source of research problems but they are also
significant contributors to the solutions of these problems,
particular in the development of tools and methods.  Many of the
industrial tools used in software testing today are based on research
ideas and prototypes.

The consequences of software failure are hard to overstate and so it
is with these pressing concerns in mind that TAIC PART seeks to bring
academics and industrialists together in a retreat setting, allowing
for interaction, extended discussion and joint work that is not
possible in the rushed schedule of a conventional conference
format. As organisers, we have aimed to ensure that there is a
productive mix of academic and industrial involvement in this rather
special event. We are delighted that we have been able to secure
industrial sponsorship for the event, ensuring the full and committed
participation of the industrial community. We would like to thank our
TAIC PART sponsors: Gerrard Consulting and LDRA.

The programme committee have also worked hard to ensure that the event
lives up to the standards of academic rigor, ensuring that the event
fully engages with the academic community. Putting together the
programme has been both enjoyable and challenging. The event received
25 paper submissions.  After a rigorous reviewing process in which
each paper was reviewed by at least three reviews followed by
programme committee discussions, 15 papers were accepted.  Four of
these papers were from industry, eight from academia and three from
collaborations between industry and academia.  The papers originate
from eight countries in North and South America and Europe. A special
thank you is due to the programme committee for the outstanding
quality of their reviews which were produced promptly to a short
deadline.  We believe that for the authors, this is the most sincere
and valuable reward for their hard work and expertise (whether or not
their papers were accepted). TAIC PART seeks to encourage and
facilitate high quality reviewing, since it plays such a vital role in
the development of this subject. In addition to the submitted papers,
TAIC PART has two outstanding invited speakers, Les Hatton of Kingston
University and Oakwood Computing, and David Vandervoort of Testronic
Labs, whom we thank for their contributions and for attending the
conference.

As well as industrial sponsorship, TAIC PART has also received the
kind and valuable support of the Engineering and Physical Sciences
Research Council (the EPSRC). The EPSRC is the UK government funding
body for the sciences and engineering. We hope that our distinguished
guests from outside the UK will allow the UK participants a small
measure of pride in the UK’s research and practice track record in
software testing and the recognition that such funding represents.

We are very grateful to the international community for their
participation and we would like to extend a very warm welcome to all
our visitors to TAIC PART 2008, both from within and outside the
United Kingdom. We hope that you find the technical content
stimulating and the environment perfect for establishing and deepening
research collaborations.

A complex event like TAIC PART cannot be organised without the help of
a committed team of organisers. We would therefore like to extend a
very warm thanks to all the staff at the Cumberland Lodge who have
been marvellous in their dedicated assistance. The event would not be
nearly so appealing without their support, kindness and
professionalism. The staff at the IEEE have also been very helpful in
using their resources to produce the proceedings and we would like to
thank them for their support and assistance. We are also very grateful
to Professor Claes Wohlin, the Editor in Chief of the Journal of
Information and Software Technology for agreeing to a special section
of extended selected papers from TAIC PART. Finally, Matthew Engel has
worked particularly hard on developing and maintaining an excellent
web presence. Thank you all very much for your hard work and support.

Marc Roper (General Chair), Gregory Kapfhammer and Leonardo Bottaci
(Programme Chairs)

TAIC PART 2008 Programme Committee

Academic Members

* Giulio Antoniol, University of Sannio, Italy
* David Binkley, Loyola College Maryland,USA
* Leonardo Bottaci, University of Hull, UK
* Myra Cohen, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, USA
* Mark Harman, Kings College London, UK
* Rob Hierons, Brunel University, UK
* Gregory Kapfhammer, Allegheny College, USA
* Yvan Labiche, Carleton University, Canada
* Bev Littlewood, City University London, UK
* Wassim Masri, American University of Beirut, Lebanon 
* Phil McMinn, University of Sheffield, UK
* Atif Memon, University of Maryland, USA
* Filippo Ricca, ITC-irst, Trento, Italy
* Hasan Ural, University of Ottawa, Canada
* Marc Roper, University of Strathclyde, UK

Industrial Members

* Paul Baker, Motorola, UK
* Paul Gerrard, Gerrard Consulting, UK
* Clive Stewart, IBM, UK


