  CALL FOR PAPERS

  Testing: Academic and Industrial Conference - 
  Practice and Research Techniques
  (TAIC PART 2009)

  Windsor, United Kingdom
  September 4 - 6, 2009

  2009/

- Theme and Goals

  The Testing: Academic and Industrial Conference 2009 (TAIC PART
  2009) establishes a forum for the publication of papers related to
  software testing and analysis. The theme of TAIC PART is
  transferring software testing technology from academia to
  industry. TAIC PART aims to forge collaborations between industry
  and academia. The goals of TAIC PART 2009 include the articulation
  of fundamental research questions in the field of software testing
  and analysis. TAIC PART also focuses on the practical challenges
  that are often faced by software developers in industry.

- Call for Papers

  TAIC PART 2009 solicits experience, tool, original research,
  industry challenge, academic challenge, and fast abstract papers
  that explore software testing and analysis techniques. Research
  topics include, but are not limited to, the following areas:
    
     Test Adequacy Criteria
     Test Suite Execution
     Test Coverage Monitoring
     Automated Test Data Generation
     Regression Testing
     Automated Debugging and Fault Localization
     Performance Evaluation
     Static and Dynamic Analysis
     Verification and Validation
     Software Reliability Engineering
     Model-Based Testing
     Testing and Formal Methods
     Testing and Model Checking
     Software Testing Process
     Technology Transfer

   TAIC PART solicits papers that focus on the testing and analysis of
   software applications that include, but are not limited to, the
   following types:

     Embedded and Real-Time Systems
     Operating Systems 
     Parallel, Distributed, and Cluster Applications
     Service-Oriented Software Systems
     Web Applications
     Event-Based Systems
     File and Storage Systems
     Virtual Machine-Based Applications
     Database Applications
     XML Processing Systems
     Graphical User Interfaces
     Wireless Sensor Networks
     Safety Critical Systems
     AI and Machine Learning Systems
     Business Applications

- Types of Papers

    - Experience reports should provide practical and generalizable
      insights into how to apply and extend existing approaches to
      software testing and analysis. 

    - Tool papers must focus on the design, implementation, and
      evaluation of software testing and analysis tools. 

    - Original Research papers will explore novel software testing
      techniques.  These papers should furnish a detailed theoretical
      and/or empirical evaluation of the proposed approach.

    - Industry Challenge papers must have at least one author whose
      affiliation is non-academic.  These papers will describe a
      real-world software testing problem for which help is sought
      from the academic research community.

    - Academic Challenge papers must have at least one author whose
      affiliation is non-industry.  These papers should explain a
      software testing research problem for which help is sought from
      industry partners.

    - Fast Abstract papers are short papers that describes late
      breaking results or works in progress. These papers are ideal
      for PhD students who are interested in receiving feedback about
      dissertation research that is an early stage.

- Paper Evaluation

  All papers will undergo a rigorous examination by at least three
  members of the program committee. The program co-chairs and the
  program committee will provide thoughtful and fair reviews that
  furnish detailed insights into ways for improving and extending the
  papers.  All submitted papers will be evaluated according to (i)
  relevance to the conference themes and goals and (ii) clarity and
  organization.

    - Experience reports will be evaluated with respect to the
      significance and generality of the described testing experience.

    - Research and tool papers will be judged by the technical merit,
      novelty, and evaluation of the described technique or tool.

    - Industry and academic challenge papers will be assessed
      according to their ability to forge partnerships and ultimately
      yield successful solutions.

    - Fast abstract papers will be evaluated according to their
      ability to generate discussion and suggest interesting areas for
      future research.

  The results described in the submitted paper must be unpublished and
  should not be under review at other workshops, conferences, or
  journals.

- Paper Formatting

  Papers should be formatted using the IEEE conference style.
  Including all references and figures, a research paper must not
  exceed the ten page limit and the experience, tool, and industry and
  academic challenge papers should not be longer than five pages.
  Finally, fast abstract papers must be two pages in length.  Authors
  should submit a PDF version of their paper through the TAIC PART
  2009 paper submission site.

- Conference Proceedings

  The accepted papers will be published with ISBN by the IEEE Computer
  Society and they will appear in the IEEE digital library.  A special
  issue of the Journal of Systems and Software will also publish
  revisions of selected papers from TAIC PART 2009.

- Important Dates

  April 10, 2009 - Paper Submission - Extended Deadline
  April 30, 2009 - Author Notification
    May 15, 2009 - Camera-Ready Copy

  September 4 - 6, 2009 - TAIC PART Conference

- Conference Organization

    Conference Chair:
      Leonardo Bottaci, University of Hull 	
				  
    Program Co-Chairs:
      Neil Walkinshaw, University of Sheffield  	 
      Gregory M. Kapfhammer, Allegheny College

    Program Committee:
      2009/Organization/ 

- More Information

   Visit the TAIC PART 2009 Web Site at:

   	 2009/

   Email your Questions or Comments to:

   	 gkapfham@allegheny.edu 
