


                Directions for Front Cover (white background)






                   [TAIC PART 2007 Logos (tp-logo* files)]



                        co-located with Mutation 2007


                          10th-14th September 2007
                                Sponsored by
                       [Sponsor logos -sponsor* files]





                  Cumberland Lodge, Windsor, United Kingdom

                                [IEEE logos]

















                     These proceedings are dedicated to

                             Dr. Martin Woodward
                                 1948 - 2006

    Lecturer at Liverpool University, UK, pioneer of Mutation Testing and
      long-serving Editor in Chief of the Journal of Software Testing,
                        Verification and Reliability


Preface

A Message from the TAIC PART 2007 and Mutation 2007 General Chair

Welcome to TAIC PART 2007 and Mutation 2007.  I  would  like  to  take  this
opportunity to explain first, a little about TAIC PART  and  its  motivation
and organisation and then a  little  about  the  co-location  with  Mutation
2007. Finally, I would like to pay  tribute  to  Martin  Woodward,  to  whom
these proceedings are dedicated.

TAIC  PART  is  a  unique  event  that  strives  to  combine  aspects  of  a
conference,  a  workshop  and  a  retreat.  Through  this  unique  blend  of
attributes the event seeks to bring together  industrialists  and  academics
in an environment that promotes  meaningful  collaboration  on  problems  in
software testing.

Among  computer  science  and  software  engineering  activities,   software
testing is a perfect candidate for such a union of academic  and  industrial
minds, because the problems thrown up by  software  testing  touch  upon  so
many academic research concerns,  while  the  implications  of  advances  in
research can have such  wide  ranging  and  far  reaching  implications  for
industry.

Testing  research  combines  elements  of  computability   and   algorithmic
complexity theory with the mathematics  and  pragmatics  of  representations
such as finite state machines,  flow  graphs,  call  graphs  and  dependence
graphs.  It  involves  disciplines  that  cover  the  spectrum  of  software
engineering  activity,  from  psychology,  through   engineering   to   pure
mathematics and even philosophy. This astonishing  breadth  and  depth  have
made the problems of software testing appealing  to  academics  for  several
decades.

However, as the industrialists know, testing software is  unlike  any  other
kind of engineering testing activity. It will not suffice  to  test  at  two
ends of a spectrum of values,  in  order  to  infer  properties  in-between.
Software systems exhibit discrete behaviour and may combine this  with  non-
determinism and emergent behaviour. No other engineering  artefact  is  more
closely integrated with the human mind, leading to  complex  hybrid  systems
that involve software, human judgement and, sometimes, political, legal  and
social  processes.  As  technology  matures,  the  planet  is   increasingly
becoming enveloped in a "software skin"  of  interconnected,  interdependent
processes, under which software controls and regulates both the  blood  flow
of information and the mechanisms of action.

If the problems associated with software testing are harder than  those  for
traditional engineering, the implications are no less (if not  significantly
more)  important.  Software  now  controls  safety  critical  systems   from
chemical plants and national nuclear defence systems, through  sophisticated
fly-by-wire commercial aircraft, to the airbag and brake controllers in  our
automobiles. The consequences of software failure are hard to overstate.

It is with these pressing concerns in mind that TAIC  PART  seeks  to  bring
academics and industrialists together in a  retreat  setting,  allowing  for
interaction, extended discussion and joint work that is not possible in  the
rushed schedule of a conference format. As organisers, we  have  all  worked
very hard to ensure that there is the right mix of academic  and  industrial
involvement in this rather special event. I am delighted that we  have  been
able to secure industrial sponsorship for the event, ensuring the  full  and
committed  participation  of  the  industrial   community.   The   programme
committee have also worked hard under the guidance of the  programme  chair,
Phil McMinn, to ensure that the event lives up to the standards of  academic
rigor, ensuring that the event fully engages with the academic community.

I would like to pay special thanks to Phil for all the work he has  done  to
bring this imaginative and  exciting  programme  together.  He  also  worked
behind the scenes  on  many  aspects  of  the  event,  including  publicity,
proceedings, excellent web presence and many  other  organisational  aspects
of both TAIC PART and Mutation 2007. I would also  like  to  extend  a  warm
thanks to the programme committee, who worked  hard  to  review  the  papers
submitted.

The industrial sponsors have really helped us  to  build  strong  and  close
links to industry. I would like to thank all  of  our  TAIC  PART  sponsors:
Vizuri, ElectroMind, Ericsson, Gerrard Consulting, LDRA and Nokia.

As well as industrial sponsorship, TAIC PART  also  received  the  kind  and
valuable support of the Engineering and Physical Sciences  Research  Council
(the EPSRC). The EPSRC is the UK government funding body  for  the  sciences
and engineering. Through the EPSRC support and the  industrial  sponsorship,
we are able to subsidise the fee for participation, so that  cost  will  not
be a barrier to involvement. I  hope  that  our  distinguished  guests  from
outside the UK will allow the UK participants a small measure  of  pride  in
the UK's research and practice track record  in  software  testing  and  the
recognition that such funding represents.

I am very grateful to the international community  for  their  participation
and I would like to extend a very warm welcome to all our visitors  to  TAIC
PART and Mutation 2007, both from within and outside the United  Kingdom.  I
hope that you find the technical content  stimulating  and  the  environment
perfect for establishing and deepening research collaborations.

TAIC PART has two outstanding keynote speakers, both of  whom  have  made  a
strong contribution to academic software testing, while, at the  same  time,
stimulating industrial take up; demonstrating by example that there is  much
practical value  in  academic  testing  research  work.  The  Daikon  system
created by Mike Ernst led to the  development  of  the  Agitator  commercial
system from Agitar, while Zeller's Delta Debugging has received  significant
industrial interest and take-up. Both approaches have proved  to  be  widely
applicable   practically   and   extremely   interesting   and   influential
theoretically. As such, they are ideal candidates for keynote  presentations
at TAIC PART and I am very grateful to Mike  and  Andreas  for  agreeing  to
present their work.

This year, the TAIC PART event  is  co-located  with  Mutation  2007,  which
follows close on the heels of Mutation 2006. Mutation  2006  was  co-located
with ISSRE in North Carolina, USA. It followed slightly less closely on  the
heels of Mutation 2000, held in co-location  with  ICSM  and  ISSRE  in  San
Jose, USA.

Mutation testing has been shown both theoretically and  empirically,  to  be
an exceptionally powerful and generic  technique  for  software  testing.  I
firmly believe that it has yet to achieve its full industrial potential.  It
therefore seems ideal that the Mutation Testing workshop is co-located  with
TAIC PART, with its focus  on  industrial  involvement  and  relevance.  The
other workshop  organisers  and  I  were  fortunate  in  attracting  Richard
DeMillo as the keynote speaker. I am very grateful to him for coming to  the
workshop to kick  off  the  event.  The  workshop  also  benefits  from  the
generous sponsorship of Certess, a mutation test tool provider, for which  I
am also very grateful.

The programme chairs for Mutation 2007 are John Clark and Jeff Offutt,  both
of whom have made outstanding contributions to the development  of  software
testing in general and to mutation testing  in  particular.  They  have  put
together an extremely exciting programme with the help  of  a  distinguished
international programme committee. I am very grateful to the  Mutation  2007
organisers and committees for their work in bringing the community  together
so soon after the last mutation testing workshop in 2006. I  sincerely  hope
that this improved regularity will generate  sufficient  momentum  that  the
Mutation workshop will now become an annual event.

A complex combined  event  like  TAIC  PART  and  Mutation  2007  cannot  be
organised without the help of a committed team of organisers. The  staff  at
the Cumberland Lodge have been marvellous  in  their  dedicated  assistance.
The event would not be nearly so appealing without their  support,  kindness
and professionalism. I would like to extend a very warm thanks to Megan  and
all the staff at the Cumberland Lodge for their hospitality.  The  staff  at
the IEEE have also been very helpful in using  their  resources  to  produce
the proceedings. I would like to thank Tom Fink and Tom Baldwin and all  the
staff at the IEEE for this. I am also  very  grateful  to  David  Card,  the
Editor in Chief of the Journal of Systems and Software  for  agreeing  to  a
special issue of extended selected papers from Mutation 2007 and TAIC  PART.


The local arrangements and  planning  of  the  event  could  not  have  been
achieved without the help of Christine McCulloch, Zheng  Li,  David  Willmor
and Neil Walkinshaw. Thank  you  all  very  much  for  your  hard  work  and
support.

You will have noticed that the proceedings of TAIC  PART/Mutation  2007  are
dedicated to Dr. Martin Woodard. Martin was born on the 28th  May  1948.  He
died on the 27th October 2006, shortly after attending TAIC PART  2006.  All
of us in the software testing community were extremely shocked and  saddened
by his untimely death. The other organisers and I felt that it was  entirely
fitting and appropriate  that  these  proceedings  should  be  dedicated  to
Martin's memory.

Martin  worked  for  many  years  on  software  testing  and   made   strong
contributions to the development of mutation testing.  He  gave  outstanding
service to our  community  through  his  long  standing  editorship  of  the
Journal of Software Testing,  Verification  and  Reliability  (STVR).  Every
author who has published  in  the  journal  will,  I  am  sure,  testify  to
Martin's  dedication,  professionalism,  sensitivity,   thoughtfulness   and
attention to detail. Also those who interacted with him  were  left  with  a
lasting impression of his broad and deep subject knowledge.

For Martin, STVR was a labour of love and an  important  professional  duty.
Through editorship of STVR, he  made  an  outstanding  contribution  to  the
development of software testing as an academic discipline at a crucial  time
in its development. He will be greatly missed.

[pic]

Mark Harman




A Message from the TAIC PART 2007 Programme Chair

Firstly, I would like to thank everyone who submitted a paper to  TAIC  PART
2007.   The event received 31 abstracts,  27  of  which  became  full  paper
submissions.   After  a  rigorous  reviewing   process,   including   online
programme committee discussions, 15 papers were  accepted.   Four  of  these
papers were from industry, seven from academia, with a  further  four  short
papers accepted for the special PhD programme.

 A special thank you is due to the programme committee for  the  outstanding
quality of their reviews for each paper received.   We believe that for  the
authors, this is the most sincere and valuable reward for  their  hard  work
and expertise (whether or not their papers were accepted). TAIC  PART  seeks
to encourage and facilitate high quality reviewing, since it  plays  such  a
vital role in the development of this subject.

Furthermore I would like to add Mark's thanks  to  our  keynote  speakers  -
Michael Ernst, Associate Professor  in  the  MIT  Department  of  Electrical
Engineering and Computer Science, and Andreas Zeller, Professor of  Computer
Science at Saarland University.  Further thanks are  due  to  David  Willmor
for chairing the PhD programme,  and  Neil  Walkinshaw  for  organising  and
chairing the tools session.

Finally, we are also extremely grateful to  our  sponsors,  whose  financial
contributions made it possible for TAIC PART to happen.  TAIC PART  received
significant funding from the UK Engineering and Physical  Sciences  Research
Council (EPSRC), and further  support  from  our  six  industrial  partners:
Electromind, Ericsson, Gerrard Consulting, LDRA  Software  Technology  Ltd.,
Nokia and Vizuri Ltd.

[pic]

Phil McMinn




A Message from the Mutation 2007 Programme Co-Chairs

The mutation workshop received 17 abstracts and 13 papers. After a  rigorous
process where each paper was reviewed by  three  members  of  the  programme
committee, followed by an active virtual PC meeting, 11 were accepted.

We are very pleased with the outstanding submissions  reflecting  a  vibrant
research community.  The programme  committee  was  extremely  diligent  and
provided the submitters with very helpful  suggestions.  Reviewing  is  hard
work for low pay, and we hope we can speak for the authors in  thanking  the
programme committee for their efforts.

We are also honoured to have one of the founders of mutation as our  keynote
speaker. Richard A. DeMillo, along  with  Richard  J.  Lipton  and  Fred  G.
Sayward, started this field over 30 years ago. DeMillo led some of the  most
successful research projects  in  software  testing,  including  the  Mothra
mutation testing project. We thank Rich for attending and presenting at  the
workshop.

In closing, we would like to thank our sponsor, Certess, for sponsoring  the
open-bar banquet at the workshop

[pic].[pic]

John Clark & Jeff Offutt

TAIC PART 2007 Organisation

General Chair:  Mark Harman (King's College London)

Programme Chair: Phil McMinn (University of Sheffield)

Local Arrangements Chair: Christine McCulloch with help from Zheng Li
(King's College London)

PhD Programme Chair: David Willmor (University of Manchester)

Tools Session Chair: Neil Walkinshaw (University of Sheffield)



TAIC PART 2007 Sponsorship

    . The UK Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC)

    . Electromind

    . Ericsson

    . Gerrard Consulting

    . LDRA Software Technology Ltd.

    . Nokia

    . Vizuri Ltd.


TAIC PART 2007 Programme Committee

Academic Members

    . Giulio Antoniol, University of Sannio, Italy

    . Kirill Bogdanov, University of Sheffield, UK

    . David Binkley, Loyola College Maryland,USA

    . Jonathan Bowen, London South Bank University, UK

    . Myra Cohen, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, USA

    . John Clark, University of York, UK

    . Mireille Ducassé, IRISA / INSA de Rennes, France

    . Matthew Dwyer, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, USA

    . Mark Harman, Kings College London, UK

    . Mary Jean Harrold, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA

    . Rob Hierons, Brunel University, UK

    . Mike Holcombe, University of Sheffield, UK

    . Gregory Kapfhammer, Allegheny College, USA

    . Bogdan Korel, Illinois Institute of Technology, USA

    . Paul Krause, University of Surrey, UK

    . Yvan Labiche, Carleton University, Canada

    . Bev Littlewood, City University London, UK

    . Wes Masri, American University of Beirut, Lebanon

    . John May, University of Bristol, UK

    . Phil McMinn, University of Sheffield, UK

    . Robby, Kansas State University, USA

    . Stuart Reid, Cranfield University, UK

    . Filippo Ricca, ITC-irst, Trento, Italy

    . Marc Roper, University of Strathclyde, UK

    . Mary Lou Soffa, University of Virginia, USA

    . Hasan Ural, University of Ottawa, Canada

    . Neil Walkinshaw, University of Sheffield, UK

    . Jianjun Zhao, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, China

    . Hong Zhu, Oxford Brookes University, UK

Industrial Members

    . Steve Allott, Electromind, UK

    . Paul Baker, Motorola, UK

    . Sigrid Eldh, Ericsson, Sweden

    . Isabel Evans, Testing Solutions Group Ltd., UK

    . Paul Gerrard, Gerrard Consulting, UK

    . Mike Hennell, LDRA Software Technology, UK

    . Jani Metsä, Nokia, Finland

    . Mathai Joseph, Tata Consultancy Services Ltd., India

    . Wolfram Schulte, Microsoft, USA

    . Brian Shea, Vizuri Ltd., UK

    . Clive Stewart, IBM, UK

    . Willem Visser, SEVEN Networks, USA

    . Joachim Wegener, DaimlerChrysler, Germany


TAIC PART 2007 Keynote Speakers

Michael Ernst, MIT, USA

Michael D. Ernst is Associate Professor in the  MIT  Electrical  Engineering
and Computer  Science  department  and  in  the  MIT  Computer  Science  and
Artificial Intelligence Lab. His primary technical  interest  is  programmer
productivity,  encompassing  software  engineering,  testing,  verification,
static and dynamic program analysis, compilation, and  programming  language
design. However, he has also published in artificial  intelligence,  theory,
and other areas of computer science. Ernst was previously  a  researcher  at
Microsoft Research.






Andreas Zeller, Saarland University, Germany

Andreas Zeller is Professor of Computer Science at Saarland  University;  he
researches large programs and their history, and has developed a  number  of
methods to determine  the  causes  of  program  failures  -  on  open-source
programs as well as in  industrial  contexts  at  IBM,  Microsoft,  SAP  and
others. His book "Why Programs Fail" has received the  Software  Development
Magazine productivity award in 2006.


TAIC PART 2007 Programme

Day One, Wednesday 12th September

8:00  Breakfast (for TAIC PART guests who attended Mutation 2007)
10:00       Arrival and Coffee
10:30       Welcome to TAIC PART 2007 (Mark Harman and Phil McMinn)
10.50       Short Break
11:00       Keynote: Michael Ernst (MIT)
12.30       Lunch
2:00  Paper Session 1 - Automatic Test Case Generation

      Xianghua Deng, Robby, John Hatcliff (Kansas State University)
      Kiasan/KUnit: Automatic Test Case Generation and Analysis Feedback for
      Open Object-oriented Systems

      Daryl Shannon, Sukant Hajra, Alison Lee, Daiqian Zhan, Sarfraz
      Khurshid
      (University of Texas at Austin)
      Abstracting Symbolic Execution with String Analysis

      Stefan Wappler (Technical University of Berlin), André Baresel (QVI
      Tech GmbH) and
      Joachim Wegener (DaimlerChrysler)
      Improving Evolutionary Testing in the Presence of Function-Assigned
      Flags

3.30  Tea
4:00  Paper Session 2 - Techniques, Methods and Tools

      Stephen Allot (Electromind)
       Testing techniques - are they of any practical use?

      Paul Gerrard (Gerrard Consulting)
       Development of Methods and Tools for ERP Implementations

5:00  Paper Session 3 - Model-Based Testing

      Paul Baker and Clive Jervis (Motorola)
      Early UML Model Testing using TTCN-3 and the UML Testing Profile

      Florentin Ipate and Raluca Lefticaru (University of Pitesti)
      State-based Testing is Functional Testing!

6:00  Close
7:00  Dinner


Day Two, Thursday 13th September

8:00  Breakfast
9:00  Paper Session 4 - PhD Papers

      Eduardo Aranha and Paulo Borba (University of Pernambuco and Motorola)

      Test Effort Estimation Models Based on Test Specifications

      Andrea Arcuri and Xin Yao (University of Birmingham)
      On Test Data Generation of Object-Oriented Software

      Konstantinos Liaskos and Marc Roper (University of Strathclyde)
      Automatic Test-Data Generation: An Immunological Approach

      Liang Huang, Chris Thomson and Mike Holcombe (University of Sheffield)
      How good are your testers? An assessment of testing ability

10.20       Coffee
10:45       Tools Session
12.30       Lunch
2:00  Walk
3.30  Tea
4:00  Paper Session 5 - Fault Localisation and Prediction

      Rui Abreu, Peter Zoeteweij, Arjan J.C. van Gemund (Delft University of
      Technology)
      On the Accuracy of Spectrum-based Fault Localization

      David Binkley, Henry Feild, Dawn Lawrie (Loyola College),
      Maurizo Pighin (Universita' degli Studi di Udine)
      Software Fault Prediction using Language Processing

5:00  Close
5:30  Poster Session
7:00  Conference Banquet





Day Three, Friday 14th September

8:00  Breakfast
9:00  Keynote: Andreas Zeller (Saarland University)
10.30       Coffee
11:00       Speed Dating
12.30       Lunch
2:00  Paper Session 6 - Constraint-Based Testing and Constraint Solving

      Florence Charreteur (IRISA/Univ. de Rennes), Bernard Botella (CEA
      LIST) and
      Arnaud Gotlieb (IRISA/INRIA Rennes)
      Modelling Dynamic Memory Management in Constraint-Based Testing

      Myra Cohen, Matthew Dwyer and Jiangfan Shi (University of Nebraska-
      Lincoln)
      Exploiting Constraint Solving History to Construct Interaction Test
      Suites

3.00  Tea
3:30  Industrial Panel, Next Steps & Closing Remarks
5:00  Close

Mutation 2007 Organisation

General Chair:  Mark Harman (King's College London)

Programme Co-Chairs:  John Clark (University of York) & Jeff Offutt (George
Mason University)

Publicity Chair:  Phil McMinn (University of Sheffield)

Web Site Manager:  Shuang Wang (George Mason University)

Mutation 2007 Sponsorship

    . Certess, Inc.

Mutation 2007 Programme Committee

    . Roger Alexander, USA

    . Paul Ammann, USA

    . Jamie Andrews, Canada

    . Benoit Baudry, France

    . Len Bottaci, UK

    . Byoungju Choi, Korea

    . James Cordy, Canada

    . Rich DeMillo, USA

    . Sudipto Ghosh, USA

    . Mark Hampton, France

    . Rob Hierons, UK

    . Bill Howden, USA

    . Yong-Rae Kwon, Korea

    . Yves Le Traon, France

    . Richard Lipton, USA

    . Ling Liu, China / Europe

    . YuSeung Ma, Korea

    . Jose' Carlos Maldonado, Brazil

    . Aditya Mathur, USA

    . Phil McMinn, UK

    . Eric Wong, USA

    . Tao Xie, USA

    . Lu Zhang, China




Mutation 2007 Keynote Speaker

Richard A. DeMillo, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA

Richard A. DeMillo leads the College of Computing at Georgia  Tech,  one  of
the highest-ranking computer science programmes in the country.  His  return
to academia after a career as  an  industry  and  government  executive  was
somewhat of a homecoming, since he earned his Ph.D. at Tech  and  served  as
Professor of Information  and  Computer  Science  at  Tech  from  1976-1987.
Before joining the College in 2002, DeMillo  was  chief  technology  officer
for Hewlett-Packard (HP). Prior to HP, DeMillo was in charge of  information
and computer sciences research at Telcordia Technologies. DeMillo  has  also
directed the Computer and Computation  Research  division  of  the  National
Science Foundation and continues to be active in  many  aspects  of  the  IT
industry. He is a fellow of the ACM and the  American  Association  for  the
Advancement of Science.





Mutation 2007 Programme

Day One, Monday 10 September

10:00       Arrival and Coffee
10:30       Welcome to Mutation 2007 (Mark Harman, John Clark and Jeff
Offutt)
10:50       Short Break
11:00       Keynote: Richard A.  DeMillo
12:30       Lunch
2:00  Paper Session 1 - Model-Based Mutation

      Robert Hierons (Brunel University) and
      Mercedes Merayo (Universidad Complutense de Madrid)
      Mutation Testing from Probabilistic Finite State Machines

      Mark Trakhtenbrot (Holon Institute of Technology)
      New Mutations for Evaluation of Specification and Implementation
      Levels of Adequacy in Testing of Statecharts Models

      Gordon Fraser and Franz Wotawa (Graz University of Technology)
      Mutant Minimization for Model-Checker Based Test-Case Generation

3:30  Tea
4:00  Paper Session 2 - Mutation Analysis Tools

      Sean Irvine, Tin Pavlinic, Leonard Trigg (Reel Two Ltd.), John Cleary
      (University of Waikato) and
      Stuart Inglis (Reel Two Ltd.)
      Jumble Java Bytecode to Measure JUnit Effectiveness

      Lydie du Bousquet and Michel Delaunay (LIG-LSR)
      ALien-V: A mutation tool for Lustre programs

      Michael Ellims (Pi Shurlok and Open University), Darrel Ince and
      Marian Petre (Open University)
      The Csaw C Mutation Tool: Initial Results

5:30  Close
7:00  Workshop Banquet (sponsored by Certess)





Day Two, Tuesday 11 September

8:00  Breakfast
 9:00       Paper Session 3 - Experimentation with Mutation

      Ben Smith and Laurie Williams (North Carolina State University)
      An Empirical Evaluation of Killing Mutants

      Mark Hampton and Stephane Petithomme (Certess Inc.)
      Leveraging a Commercial Mutation Analysis Tool For Research

      Jeremy Bradbury, James Cordy and Juergen Dingel (Queen's University)
      Comparative Assessment of Testing and Model Checking Using Program
      Mutation

10:30       Coffee
11:00       Panel Session
12:30       Lunch
1:30  Walk
2:50  Tea
3:00  The Future of Mutation Testing: Community 'Think-in'
4:00  Paper Session 4 - Mutation for Security Testing

      Songtao Zhang, Thomas Dean (Queens University) and
      Scott Knight (Royal Military College of Canada)
      A Lightweight Approach to State Based Security Testing

      Tejeddine Mouelhi, Yves Le Traon (ENST - Bretagne) and Benoit Baudry
      (IRISA / INRIA)
      Mutation analysis for security tests qualification

5:00  Close

7:00  Dinner (for Mutation 2007 guests staying for TAIC PART 2007)






Contents

Papers to appear under the following headings in programme order:



TAIC PART 2007

Keynote paper (paper by Ernst et al.)

Paper Session 1 - Automatic Test Case Generation

Paper Session 2 - Techniques, Methods and Tools

Paper Session 3 - Model-Based Testing

Paper Session 4 - PhD Papers

Paper Session 5 - Fault Localisation and Prediction

Paper Session 6 - Constraint-Based Testing and Constraint Solving

Posters (poster papers to appear in author-alphabetical order)



Mutation 2007

Paper Session 1 - Model-Based Mutation

Paper Session 2 - Mutation Analysis Tools

Paper Session 3 - Experimentation with Mutation

Paper Session 4 - Mutation for Security Testing

